---
title: "Project Structuring"
project: personal-blog
category: discussion
---

## Conclusion

* Use a simpler and familiar structure:
```
_projects/
    `- [project]/
        `- project_index
            |- [feature]/
            |   |- feature_index (with planned work and tracking)
            |   `- logs/
            |- logs/
            |- reports/
            `- discussions/
_notebook/
```

### Projects

Each project will have a index page, containing general information. Even if a project is just an ideia, this page can outline motivation and link to inspirations.

Once a project begins to grow and has a more concrete plan, we move those ideas and references into the discussions folder. This is a free space to take notes, keep inspirations, and think of next steps. From these discussions, I'll decide to implement a feature or not, give priorities, etc. The conclusion of these should be kept in the plan and link to the discussion page.

Once the decision to implement a feature is made, it will either result in clear enough plan, laid out as conclusion of the discussion, or in a more complex feature index, with each's own task and plan. Either way, during implementation the decisions made and information collected should be noted in the logs. These are checkpoints for saving work, and keeping track of information. I wish every time I set out to do something I could complete it uninterupted, but more often than not we'll need to take breaks, change focus, and come back later (which is actually a good thing). These should have all the needed information to pick back up where you left - even if starting from a blank workspace.

Once the decision to implement a feature is made, the learning and decisions should provide a report. The reports should include and link to relevant information, including code snippets and time spent. These pieces should be replicated into other relevant places, like a snippets page for the relevant technology, and linked both ways. This report is way to revisit the logs, organize the information, and take whats most useful.

### Notebook

For general essays I'll simply keep notes of ideas and of references. I'll sure a structure will come up as I'll use and revisit them.

---

## Raw Starter

So I am having waaay too many thoughts and a hard time trying to organize my thoughts in a zettelkasten. It is a method I do not know, so probably no the best one to start, when I am just satarting out this blog. Instead I should probably try to reimplement things I do have done before and possibly pass on to zettelkasten. Although the idea of many notes that connet seem nice, I much rather have some locallity of behaviour, like have longer pages where each section is a zettel.

But even before having any zettel I should first add a little more structure to the project planning, and plan for the iterations, and plan for a know workflow. **To get moving, implement the past of least resistence.** Once you are already moving, then you can start to drive, give direction. 

Once features are implemented, the learning and decisions should provide a report. The reports should include and link to relevant information including code snippets and time spent.

